Simple and affordable home camera - these words first
come to mind at the sight of Nikon Coolpix L 25 and L 26.
For those who do not seek to delve into the difficult wilds
art photography but wants to have
bright, interesting pictures in your family album
good quality, and if necessary also video
take off - these cameras will be an excellent choice.
Cameras are compact and very attractive,
Available in bright colors (for the table: 25 - silver,
black, red, white; 26 - silver, black,
red).
The main advantages of these cameras can be called
ease of use, good automatic
mode of operation and the possibility of video.
To photograph them is really simple, all these shots are made.
in fully automatic mode.
A large three-inch display will help during shooting.
and when viewing photos.
The camera itself perfectly determines the optimal settings,
so you can not worry about the fact that you miss a great
frame due to overexposed or too dark picture.
In addition, the camera has more than a dozen shooting modes,
here you and sport mode and party at home and panorama
and much more.
For shooting in the dark here is provided
system gain sensitivity, it is enough even for shooting
at night.
And there are such interesting features as the smile timer
- the camera will tell when the person in the frame smiles,
blink tracking function - the camera will warn
that someone in the frame eyes are closed and of course the function
remove red eye.
A high resolution matrix will take care of the quality of the photos.
- 10 megapixels for L 25 and 16 for L 26, and a 5x lens
optical zoom is suitable for any conditions: from macro
to spectacular group photos.
Resolution of photos will allow them to print
even on A4 sheets.
Well, if you get tired of taking pictures, you can do
high-resolution shooting
Cameras can record video in HD Ready format.
To start shooting you need to press only one button.
Cameras are powered by 2A batteries and shots
saved to SD memory cards.
In general, NIKON Coolpix L 25 and L 26 are very easy to use.
and suitable for those who make the first steps in mastering
Photo.
They will be an excellent choice for people who need to
from the camera only one thing - capturing joyful
moments of your life.